Updating MHD examples to PDF publication (#372)
ehealthsuisse/ch-epr-mhealth: input/pagecontent/ch-mhd-1.md

#### Update Document Metadata Request Message

The Update Document Metadata Request Message provides the ability to submit updated attributes for DocumentReference resources.

##### Trigger Events

The Update Document Metadata Request Message is triggered when a Document Source needs to transmit updated DocumentReference metadata.

##### Message Semantics

> A Document Source initiates a FHIR request using Update as defined at http://hl7.org/fhir/http.html#update on DocumentReference Resources.

Reviewer: I like the wording of ITI-130:

A Document Source initiates a FHIR request using Update as defined at http://hl7.org/fhir/http.html#update on DocumentReference Resources, with a standalone HTTP request or a [transaction](https://hl7.org/fhir/R4/http.html#transaction).

> ##### Example

Reviewer: We should add:

When a transaction is used, it shall conform to the CHMhd1UpdateDocumentMetadataTransactionRequest profile.

```http
PUT [base]/DocumentReference/DocRefPdf HTTP/1.1
Accept: application/fhir+json
traceparent: 00-0af7651916cd43dd8448eb211c80319c-b7ad6b7169203331-00

```
{% fragment DocumentReference/DocRefPdf JSON %}

##### Expected Actions

The Document Responder shall provide a [CapabilityStatement](CapabilityStatement-CH.MHD.DocumentResponder.html) with the capabilities interaction and indicate that update is available on the DocumentReference.

> The Document Responder shall process the Update Document Metadata Request message and return the updated DocumentReferences.

Reviewer: I would keep it singular: the `Update Document Metadata Request message` is a single UPDATE operation, and returns a single updated DocumentReference.
If it's a transaction, then you have multiple such messages, with multiples responses.

The **Document Responder** shall record an
[CH Audit Event for [CH:MHD-1] Document Responder](StructureDefinition-ch-mhd-updatedocumentmetadata-audit-responder.html)
([example](AuditEvent-ChAuditEventChMhd1ResponderExample.html)).

> For a [transaction](StructureDefinition-ch-mhd-1-updatedocumentmetadatatransactionrequest.html) instead of a direct PUT interaction, the actors shall also be able to record audit events for the individual entries in the Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a [transaction](StructureDefinition-ch-mhd-1-updatedocumentmetadatatransactionrequest.html) instead of a direct PUT interaction, the actors shall also be able to record audit events for each Update Document Metadata Request Message in the Bundle.
```
